Adrian AI Materials (#5)
Ada-Developers-Academy/independent-ai-topics: working-with-openai/setting-up-openai-postman.md

> ## Setting up the OpenAI API in Postman

Reviewer: Removed a hashtag to make the title an H1.

```suggestion
# Setting up the OpenAI API in Postman
```

## Goals

> Now that we have our OpenAI account set up and verified, let's  get OpenAI set up in Postman and Python so we are prepared to start testing our API calls and bringing them into our project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that we have our OpenAI account created and verified, let's get OpenAI set up in Postman and Python so we are prepared to start testing our API calls and bringing them into our project.
```

Our goals for this lesson are to:
- Set up an OpenAI environment in Postman

> - Make our first Postman API 

Reviewer: I'm a little unclear on what is meant here, are we creating a collection in Postman, or making our first call to an OpenAI API (or both)?

> - Learn how to set up the OpenAI library in Python

Reviewer: Is this content meant to go in another page? I'm wondering if this bullet should be removed since I didn't see materials for using OpenAI with Python/in VS Code in this lesson.

*Fig. OpenAI authorization tab with "Set Up New Authorization" circled*  

4. You will be taken to a window to enter your OpenAI API key. Enter your API key and press "Save authorization". 
![Tab to enter API key in Postman](assets/setting-up-openai-postman-and-java/open-ai-postman-enter-api-key.png)  
*Fig. Tab to enter API key in Postman*

5. Now let's check to see if our API key is registered! If you send the request now, you will see the following error.  
![Open AI Postman Model Parameters Needed Error](assets/setting-up-openai-postman-and-java/open-ai-postman-model-parameters-needed-error.png)  
*Fig. Model parameters needed error*  

If you get this error, it's a pretty sure sign your API key is working. However, let's add a request body to make sure we are able to get a working response.  Go ahead and navigate to the body tab and select "raw" with JSON as the format. Copy and paste the following request body into the window:

```py
{
    "model" : "gpt-3.5-turbo",
    "messages" : [
        {
            "role" : "user",
            "content" : "Write me a list of 5 flightless birds."
        }
    ]
}
```

> You should now be able to submit your POST request and get a response more in line with what you are looking for. Your response may look slightly different, but a sample of what you could see can be seen below:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should now be able to submit your POST request and get a response more in line with what you are looking for. Your response may look slightly different, but a sample of what you could see is shown below:  
```

![Successful API response](assets/setting-up-openai-postman-and-java/open-ai-postman-response-success.png) 

> *Fig. Successful OpenAI POST request with response body*  

Reviewer: For images where the text may be small, we've started linking the full size image at the end of the caption. I think it's worth doing a quick review of the images to see if any others would benefit from a full image link.

```suggestion
*Fig. Successful OpenAI POST request with response body ([Full size image](assets/setting-up-openai-postman-and-java/open-ai-postman-response-success.png))*  
```
